Deprecate GetAllAssetAdministrationShellIdsByAssetLink (#376)
admin-shell-io/aas-specs-api: documentation/IDTA-01002-3/modules/ROOT/pages/specification/interfaces-payload.adoc

a|Decentralized Identifiers according to the W3C Recommendation xref:bibliography.adoc#bib7[[7\]]
|===

=== AssetLink

[.table-with-appendix-table]
[cols="25%,40%,25%,10%"]
|===
h|Class Name 3+e|[[AssetLink]]AssetLink
h|Explanation 3+a|Asset identifier derieved from either SpecificAssetId or GlobalAssetId
h|Inherits from 3+|-
h|semanticId 3+|`\https://admin-shell.io/aas/API/DataTypes/AssetLink/3/1`

h|Attribute h|Explanation h| Type h|Card.

> e|name |Name of the Asset identifier, i.e., "specificAssetId" or "globalAssetId" | link:https://admin-shell-io.github.io/aas-specs-antora/IDTA-01001/v3.1/spec-metamodel/datatypes.html#LabelType[LabelType] |1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
e|name |Name of the Asset identifier, i.e., "globalAssetId", a serial number, manufacturer part ID, or customer part IDs | link:https://admin-shell-io.github.io/aas-specs-antora/IDTA-01001/v3.1/spec-metamodel/datatypes.html#LabelType[LabelType] |1
```
